paa
re sure reoreo
Hanshin Horse Racing office 10 s has raced to the battlefield that baptism to 10 million conditions white special 3 years of age or older Kyobashi
New records, etc.
It is good with pre-sold and written gel without writing
Asian clan bring in Rio down at home 3 years old at 4th Mainer Maestro
An adviser Kali of Iran is also included, and finally the green ver.
I started dish I was away from causality
A solid standard that has almost been aligned is a rush with Admeier Carlin coaster
Beneath bad rainfall is going to jump out if from the middle
The 8th clan who hires is also just the lead number
No. 10 Cattle occupied on 3 fastest No. 2 Admire Carlin course by pow of the then 5th
It is beautiful that there is the third in one battle
A corner carbo with 13 Hello Work numbers that I 've managed to catch up from within a group of horses
I went taut
If I did paint I went with one horse and a half and today is bad from the eighth number
The original hand
Smart Inn course Admire Carlin third fastest Hidaka Tsu rubber of Iran No. 10 Cattle
Fiyudon bread shop
Then poured out Archimedean plate 5 plate out of the stone bridge
List Gimlet love is the reference highest peak 3 corner Carbo is
I can do it now I like to battle I 'm an egg rainbow lead half the body
This purport you from 2nd hand from taste egg usually this
100,000 Cattle Fille third I Soda and compensated dating No.4 guard Iruyoppan to 14th mountain
Mowing 5-dip recession and Mr. Papp in Appendix bag it after the Te Admire Curly No. 5
Archimedes's Corner Curve
There is a coach and there is a change in the first match against tag in 13 par
The sucker behind this group of horses also searches for cl and waist loaf so it is straight from the corner
Since the pot blinded No. 8 of the valve port 1 Umami and a half difference in the spinal column work 93 schools junior high school struggled much with cap
Since then, there is a third one , and the blue child's tax that is blue is also cold, so cold
Do you
Battle now
10 from 8 rank roughly ten thousand Cattle Fille Sappa from the outside
Head-to-head with Archimedes flatter sweet Archimedes was captured in Do you have a summary of
No. 10 Cattle Fille and the inner head-to-head along the small percentage through chuck pattern from No. 8 Kuranbon
Archimedes No. 3 who climbed up the slope and closed the gap with Chiri Chiri, and finally caught it in a screwed down position
was
It is said that the thick bank rambo seems to be a battle for the departure and arrival.
2 Chakuarasoi head-to-head play with some of the up to the biceps last
600m of the 800m 47 seconds to win the watch 2 minutes 1 second four goals was 4 for 35 minutes
Is to decide there is also a third has been Iwata jockey goal poor sport
Come on 2nd
Leaders were the 10th from the 8th cranbon, which was horse racing from the egg-hands in advance measures .
This is to go to Tonfield to this and continue to Ichakuhara close battle until the end
If the second piece is the eighth franc book, a little Kasahara is out
It is lined with the No. 10 Cattlefeil, but if it is dominated by No. 8 Clan flights
I went to Tono to last until the end
3-band Archimedes, taken pointing to the end of the last to have stabbed this
Kagami Iwata was my father